README.md, before:

# Stage 3
**Udacity** Intro to Programming Nanodegree

## Programs
1. Break Time - `break_time.py`
  - Opens a Youtube video in a web browser every two hours.
2. Rename Files - `rename_files.py`
  - Renames the files in a folder to remove all numbers from file names to reveal a hidden message.
  - **Bonus:** Add function to create a scrambled message.
3. Computer Graphics - `mindstorms.py`
  - Uses turtle module to draw
  - **Bonus:** `draw_tri_fractal(turtle, length, level)` can draw a fractal with arbitrary levels.
    - 4 level triangle fractal
    ![4 level fractal](images/4level-fractal.gif)
4. Send Text - `send_text.py`
  - Send a text using Twilio.
  - **Warning:** Make sure auth token and #s are not included when commits are made.
5. Profanity Editor - `check_profanity.py`
  - Throw a message if there is a profanity in given text.
  - Use connections
  - *alt*: `pirate_speech.py`
6. **Final Project**: Movie Trailers - `movies/`
  - [Live Example](https://juil-nano-introtoprogramming.github.io/project03/)
  - Class for movies with movie posters and trailers.
  - Created first class
  - Create webpage with Python
  - Class: `media.py`

### Concepts Utilized
- Import classes
- Date/Time
- Access & modify files & directories
- Computer graphics
- External libraries
- Create classes

### Extra
- **.gitignore** `*.pyc` files

By [**Juil**](http://juil.me)

Commit message:

Use weakrefs for get_instances(cls)

README.md, after:

# Stage 3
**Udacity** Intro to Programming Nanodegree

## Programs
1. Break Time - `break_time.py`
  - Opens a Youtube video in a web browser every two hours.
2. Rename Files - `rename_files.py`
  - Renames the files in a folder to remove all numbers from file names to reveal a hidden message.
  - **Bonus:** Add function to create a scrambled message.
3. Computer Graphics - `mindstorms.py`
  - Uses turtle module to draw
  - **Bonus:** `draw_tri_fractal(turtle, length, level)` can draw a fractal with arbitrary levels.
    - 4 level triangle fractal
    ![4 level fractal](images/4level-fractal.gif)
4. Send Text - `send_text.py`
  - Send a text using Twilio.
  - **Warning:** Make sure auth token and #s are not included when commits are made.
5. Profanity Editor - `check_profanity.py`
  - Throw a message if there is a profanity in given text.
  - Use connections
  - *alt*: `pirate_speech.py`
6. **Final Project**: Movie Trailers - `movies/`
  - [Live Example](https://juil-nano-introtoprogramming.github.io/project03/)
  - Class for movies with movie posters and trailers.
  - Created first class
  - Create webpage with Python
  - Class: `media.py`

### Concepts Utilized
- Import classes
- Date/Time
- Access & modify files & directories
- Computer graphics
- External libraries
- Create classes

### Extra
- **.gitignore** `*.pyc` files
- Use weakrefs to collect all instances of a class

By [**Juil**](http://juil.me)
